Nym Networks Open Source Software Project Submission Agreement

***********************************************************************

IMPORTANT - PLEASE READ CAREFULLY:

This document ("Agreement") constitutes a legal agreement. By signing
this Agreement below, You, either an individual or the organization
indicated below ("You"), agree to be legally bound. You may want to
consult an attorney before signing. You acknowledge that you are
entering into this Agreement in consideration of the opportunity to
contribute to and participate in Nym Networks's open source software
projects, which opportunity is of value to You.

***********************************************************************

"Submission" means any work of authorship, software code, documentation,
creation, images or sound, provided by You to Nym Networks, in human or
machine readable form, at any time (both prior and subsequent to Your
execution of this Agreement).

You hereby grant Nym Networks a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free,
irrevocable, non-exclusive, and transferable license to use, reproduce,
prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform,
distribute the Submissions, and to sublicense such rights to others. The
rights granted may be exercised in any form or format, and Nym Networks
may distribute and sublicense to others on any licensing terms,
including without limitation: (a) open source licenses like the GNU
General Public License (GPL), or the Berkeley Science Division license
(BSD); or (b) binary, proprietary, or commercial licenses. If Your
Submission is derived from software released by Nym Networks under the
GPL, Nym Networks as licensor thereof waives such requirements of the
GPL as applied to that software to the limited extent necessary to allow
you to provide the Submission and the foregoing license to Nym Networks.

You hereby grant Nym Networks a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free,
irrevocable, non-exclusive, sublicenseable and transferable license
under any patent You own or control, now or in the future, to make, have
made, use, sell, offer for sale, or import Submissions or any
modifications thereof, including without limitation any combinations of
the Submissions or modifications thereof with software, technology or
services of Nym Networks or its affiliates.

You hereby represent that you are the sole and original author of all
Submissions and that, to the best of your knowledge, the Submissions do
not infringe upon the rights of any third party. If you are providing
the Submission on behalf of an organization or you are an employee of an
organization, the person signing this Agreement represents that he or
she is expressly authorized to execute this Agreement on that
organization's behalf. Except for the express representations set forth
above, the Submission and all licenses granted above are made on an "AS
IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS
OF MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You acknowledge
that the decision to include the Submission in any code base is entirely
the decision of Nym Networks, and this Agreement does not guarantee that
the Submissions will be included in any code base. The parties agree
that any facsimile copy of this Agreement will be binding upon the
parties to the same effect as originals.
